Update integrate-bazaarvoice.md (#1421)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/ratings-reviews/third-party-integrations/integrate-bazaarvoice.md

## Integration

> ## 1. Connect Bazaarvoice

Reviewer: Are we integrating or connecting it?

Author: In ACP we are "Connecting" apps lol

{% endinfo_block %}

> ## 2. Whitelist Bazaarvoice Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Add Bazaarvoice domain to your allowlist
```

> To enable your customers to leave reviews on your products, you must add Bazaarvoice domain inside your **Content Security Policy** whitelist. To do that please change your `deploy.yml` file or your `config/Shared/config_default.php` file if changing the environment variable is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable your customers to leave reviews on your products, you must add the Bazaarvoice domain inside your **Content Security Policy** allowlist. To do that, change your `deploy.yml` file or your `config/Shared/config_default.php` file if changing the environment variable is not possible.
```

> Changes required in the `deploy.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `deploy.yml` file, introduce the required changes: 
```

```yml
image:
  environment:
    SPRYKER_AOP_APPLICATION: '{
      "APP_DOMAINS": [
        "*.bazaarvoice.com",
        ...
      ],
      ...
    }'
```

> Alternatively, you may whitelist the domain from the `config/Shared/config_default.php` file. If you updated the `deploy.yml` file, then this step can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may add the domain to the allowlist from the `config/Shared/config_default.php` file. If you updated the `deploy.yml` file, then this step can be ignored.
```
